docs: Update scaffolder docs for integrations config (#4261)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/software-templates/installation.md

docs on creating private GitHub access tokens is available
[here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token).
Note that the need for private GitHub access tokens will be replaced with GitHub
Apps integration further down the line by using the existing `integrations`
config.

> > Note: Some of this config may already be setup part of your `app-config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Some of this configuration may already be set up as part of your `app-config.yaml`.
```
